Data origin components will be the webpage, mobile app, headphones.
They might be getting some relational data through Amazon RDS,
some noSQL content through DynamoDB.
Amazon DynamoDB is a noSQL DB,
and Amazon RDS is an Amazon relational database service.
Headphones are our connected or IOT devices in this pipeline.
Amazon generally has inbuilt solution for different parts of their businesses.
Instead of a SaaS,
I'm assuming that all the data external to
this pipeline will be either structured and comes through
RDS type of systems or is either
semi-structured or unstructured and comes from Dynamo type of interfaces.
Data processing.
First component as Amazon S3.
Amazon Simple Storage Service is a highly scalable storage service.
Next, we have Amazon Lambda.
It is a compute service that runs in response to events.
You can replace Lambda by Glue,
which will be an ETL service.
Lambda will place data into an S3 bucket again.
Here, if you notice,
our S3 buckets are intermediate storages.
From S3 data, it's pulled by Amazon EMR,
which is big data platform service.
It is used for distributed storage and to run compute over big data.
It uses frameworks such as Hadoop and Apache Spark.
Next, data storage, we already know for intermediate data storage,
we are using S3.
Along with that, we are using Amazon Redshift,
which is a data warehouse.
Our data destinations are; Amazon SageMaker,
which is a Cloud machine learning platform,
and Amazon Quick Sight,
which is a business intelligence service.
Here is what the pipeline might look like, end-to-end.